well here we are the final countertop
piece has been made this was probably
the most challenging piece since I had
to do an inlay here for the sink but
we're pretty much all set and done with
the countertops now I I do have to set
these in place they're not mounted as of
yet or cocked in any way but everything
fits nice I've got a little bit of a
shim here that I'm going to have to use
to level up the seams but otherwise
everything's looking great and well
today what I hope to do is they actually
make some back splashes so I'll go in a
little bit of detail of how that's done
now that was a good nap oh hi what we
have here in front of me is the molding
which I've used to make the backsplash
form I've used strips of vinyl that I've
cut into various links and shapes and
sizes it requires more screw holes
because you want to keep it perfectly
straight but we're pretty much ready to
pour the back splashes in this
particular instance I'm making them four
and a quarter inches high this is
because it'll match the backsplash for
the breakfast bar area and there are
three quarters of an inch thick and of
course the links vary based on where
they're going to go of course this is
all another one of those big experiments
I'm using the same cement that I've used
in the countertops along with recycled
glass they also contain PVA fibers which
will help strengthen it and hopefully
this will be nice and firm even without
any other kind of reinforcement they say
that with PVA fibers you can actually
pour a counter top 3/4 of an inch thick
I've never made them that thin but this
will be a test so stay tuned until next
week when we'll find out how well this
actually works I'm Alan stanca va's from
de Creek comm